c:\users\angel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Formula_gases\Formula_gases\Formula_gases\obj\Debug\Formula_gases.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\angel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Formula_gases\Formula_gases\Formula_gases\obj\Debug\Formula_gases.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\angel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Formula_gases\Formula_gases\Formula_gases\obj\Debug\Formula_gases.burgerMenu.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\angel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Formula_gases\Formula_gases\Formula_gases\obj\Debug\Formula_gases.dll
c:\users\angel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Formula_gases\Formula_gases\Formula_gases\obj\Debug\Formula_gases.pdb
c:\users\angel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Formula_gases\Formula_gases\Formula_gases\bin\Debug\Formula_gases.dll
c:\users\angel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Formula_gases\Formula_gases\Formula_gases\bin\Debug\Formula_gases.pdb
c:\users\angel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Formula_gases\Formula_gases\Formula_gases\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\angel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Formula_gases\Formula_gases\Formula_gases\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\angel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Formula_gases\Formula_gases\Formula_gases\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\angel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Formula_gases\Formula_gases\Formula_gases\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\angel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Formula_gases\Formula_gases\Formula_gases\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\angel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Formula_gases\Formula_gases\Formula_gases\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\angel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Formula_gases\Formula_gases\Formula_gases\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\angel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Formula_gases\Formula_gases\Formula_gases\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\angel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Formula_gases\Formula_gases\Formula_gases\obj\Debug\Formula_gases.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\angel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Formula_gases\Formula_gases\Formula_gases\obj\Debug\Formula_gases.Ley_boyle.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\angel\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Formula_gases\Formula_gases\Formula_gases\obj\Debug\Formula_gases.dll.mdb
C:\Users\angel\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Formula_gases\Formula_gases\Formula_gases\bin\Debug\Formula_gases.dll.mdb
C:\Users\angel\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Formula_gases\Formula_gases\Formula_gases\obj\Debug\Formula_gases.dll.mdb
C:\Users\angel\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Formula_gases\Formula_gases\Formula_gases\bin\Debug\Formula_gases.dll.mdb
